CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to flow

Thank you for stopping by here! There are many ways to make Flow better for
everyone. Here are few:

* [Reporting a bug](https://github.com/flow-mn/flow/issues/new/choose)
* [Proposing a feature](https://github.com/flow-mn/flow/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&projects=&template=feature_request.yaml&title=%5BFEAT%5D+)
* Submitting [fixes, feature implementations](#developing)
* [Translating Flow](#translating) to your own language
* [Tipping the maintainer](https://ko-fi.com/sadespresso). Flow is a
free and open-source software, and will stay this way. Please understand
that by giving tip, you will NOT unlock any new or additional features.
As of now, publishing fees have been paid by the maintainer.

## Developing

NOTE: A quick discussion upfront can highlight any potential issues, streamline
the merge process, and ensure you're on the right track to avoid rework.

1. Fork the repository
2. Pick an issue. If the fix/feature you're gonna work doesn't have an issue,
please create one first.
3. Let everyone know that you're working on it by commenting "I'm working on it"
4. Create a feature branch. For example, if you're working on [#82](https://github.com/flow-mn/flow/issues/82),
create a branch `fix82` from `main`
5. Make changes on the new branch
6. Ensure your code doesn't have any linter warnings, errors
(Your editor will tell you, or you can run `flutter analyze`)
7. Submit a PR to `main` branch
8. If your feature involves UI changes, add a short video demonstrating the
implement change/feature

## Code guides

* Please consider accessibility, localization, and technical factors before
implementing a new feature
* Any new dependency must support the all the platforms except for Web
* It is not necessary to change the version unless you're in charge of
publishing a release

## Translating

When translating Flow to your language, the translation coverage must be 100%.
You can follow the same steps in [Developing](#developing), and you can safely
skip lints and tests (step 6 and 7).

It's highly recommended to copy [en_US.json](./assets/l10n/en_US.json) or
any other existing translations on work on top of it.

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE v3

Commit message:

Add tip for working on issues with `ready` label

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to flow

Thank you for stopping by here! There are many ways to make Flow better for
everyone. Here are few:

* [Reporting a bug](https://github.com/flow-mn/flow/issues/new/choose)
* [Proposing a feature](https://github.com/flow-mn/flow/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&projects=&template=feature_request.yaml&title=%5BFEAT%5D+)
* Submitting [fixes, feature implementations](#developing)
* [Translating Flow](#translating) to your own language
* [Tipping the maintainer](https://ko-fi.com/sadespresso). Flow is a
free and open-source software, and will stay this way. Please understand
that by giving tip, you will NOT unlock any new or additional features.
As of now, publishing fees have been paid by the maintainer.

## Developing

NOTE: A quick discussion upfront can highlight any potential issues, streamline
the merge process, and ensure you're on the right track to avoid rework.

TIP: Work on issues with `ready` label

1. Fork the repository
2. Pick an issue. If the fix/feature you're gonna work doesn't have an issue,
please create one first.
3. Let everyone know that you're working on it by commenting "I'm working on it"
4. Create a feature branch. For example, if you're working on [#82](https://github.com/flow-mn/flow/issues/82),
create a branch `fix82` from `main`
5. Make changes on the new branch
6. Ensure your code doesn't have any linter warnings, errors
(Your editor will tell you, or you can run `flutter analyze`)
7. Submit a PR to `main` branch
8. If your feature involves UI changes, add a short video demonstrating the
implement change/feature

## Code guides

* Please consider accessibility, localization, and technical factors before
implementing a new feature
* Any new dependency must support the all the platforms except for Web
* It is not necessary to change the version unless you're in charge of
publishing a release

## Translating

When translating Flow to your language, the translation coverage must be 100%.
You can follow the same steps in [Developing](#developing), and you can safely
skip lints and tests (step 6 and 7).

It's highly recommended to copy [en_US.json](./assets/l10n/en_US.json) or
any other existing translations with full coverage, and work on top of it.

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE v3
